## Miscellaneous Tips and Info
- Rather than having to type asterisks around things to bold/italicize, if you highlight text and then type the symbols you want to surround it, it'll add them to both sides. Some things like parenthesis do this by default, but not asterisks, so it's a useful way to speed things up when you need to mass bold and/or italicize specific portions of text over and over, such as when formatting creature traits and actions you've pasted in.

- Use br between <> to separate things onto a new line in the same cell of a table. Useful for non bulleted lists in infoboxes and tables. Also allows you to create proper space between paragraphs in infoboxes since by default it doesn't consider empty lines. You can see an example of this in the [[Creature]] template's infobox in the Traits section.

- Use filename|text for custom wikilinks. For instance if you wanted a link to this page to read "Welcome", you'd want "Tips and Tricks|Welcome" to be between the double brackets. You'll notice this used multiple times throughout this vault when the exact name of a file isn't quite what is wanted, such as the file name being capitalized when the text should be all lower case or when a file is named a certain way for organization purposes, but reads better as something else.

- If a file or folder that is tied to a setting (such as designating the Template and Asset folders) has its name changed or is moved, you must go into the settings and update it there. Usually the application will inform you of errors, for instance if you try to insert a template after renaming or moving the Template folder, it will pop up saying it cannot find that template. This does not apply to backlinks, which will automatically recognize new file paths if you move files around. The only thing moving a file could break is Templater settings if you move a template out of the templates folder / into a subfolder within the templates folder.

- If you want the infoboxes to be on the right side instead of the left, just remove the word "left" from anything that says !infobox|left.

- While the full ITS Theme documentation (linked on the main Vault Information page) will be the best resource for knowing how you can edit various callouts, a couple quick ones are using things like no-title no-icon and clean to get the functionality of the callout. After the callout name put a | with these parameters after it. For instance, on the creature template I have infobox|left clean wmed static. Left floats it to the left, clean removes the border/padding that I find annoying so it blends with the page better, wmed forces it to be a certain size, and static means that wmed is setting it to an exact pixel width rather than basing it on what % of the width of the screen it takes up. Not all adjustments work with all callouts, so definitely check the documentation if you're interested in learning about them.

## Other Plugin Suggestions
Here are some plugins that I didn't include by default as they were not necessary for the minimum viable functionality, but could greatly enhance your Obsidian experience.
- **Calendarium.** Great for tracking your in game calendar and comes with hotkeys you can set to quickly move the "Current Day" forward or backward by one.